# hello-world
test repository
Aditya Bathla is a junior majoring in Computer Science at Brown. Admitted to brown as a prospective engineering student, Aditya was well versed with the knowledge and importance of STEM related areas of study. Engineering and graphics design being his forte, he was awarded the first position in NASA Space Settlement Design Contest by NASA Ames, California and National Space Society for the     research submission titled  ‘ELYSIUM’ in 2012, ‘ADAMAS’ in 2011 and ‘ACROPOLIS’ in 2010. Through his course of time at Brown Aditya found his passion for design in computer science and the capability of the field to adapt to a multitude of facades.
His recent projects include Virtual Self-­‐Diagnosis Tool, a visual and interactive design for self-­‐diagnosis of patients suffering from Repetitive Motion Injuries in immersive virtual reality; web developer for Stem Kids NYC, aiding in developing a website that contains a learning management system that provides content to underrepresented students and their families in Harlem, who live at or below the poverty level, on computer science and engineering design.

Aditya has taken up a variety of leadership and entrepreneurial positions through his time at Brown and before. While in high school, having shifted to a new city with no awareness related to aerospace or space settlements and no mentor to guide, Aditya acted as teacher and guide. Working with a group of two students with no prior experience related to the field and only his past two years of work in the subject, Aditya created a structure based on magnetic propulsion, which was something very unusual. His project titled Elysium, a space station for 30,000 permanent residents in space, was awarded the first position at NASA Space Settlement Design Contest by NASA Ames, California and the National Space Society (http://settlement.arc.nasa.gov/Contest/Results/2012/index.html). In the summer of 2014, having gained the necessary experience, Aditya acted as a research assistant       at MIT Sloan School of Management while working on the project funded by MIT Center for Collective Intelligence and on how groups of people accomplish creative work together in an online setting.  Aditya is serving as the current web developer for an NYC based company called Stem Kids NYC, a system that contains a component that introduces students and families to STEM and engineering design and discloses the benefits of engaging in STEM-­‐ related activities.
